**EDUCATION:** Junior; Science, Math, Computer Science Magnet Program at Poolesville High School

**RELEVANT COURSES:** Analysis of Algorithms, AP Computer Science, Research and Engineering, Foundations of Technology

**PROJECTS:**

- **Large Language Model Fine-Tuning** - Using a dataset of every text I’ve ever sent or received, I’m developing a targeted method of fine-tuning Meta’s open-source large language model, Llama 3.1, to respond to texts in a manner indistinguishable from myself. Leveraging Google’s Cloud Compute services for each training iteration and have been experimenting with different training parameters to minimize loss in response accuracy.
- **Independent App Development** - As core programmer on a small team of student developers, iteratively designing a mobile application to assist with student mental health throughout our school district. Working with representatives from our school system to form an official partnership and will soon be piloting in a public high school.
- **Home Server** - Using a collection of Docker containers, created and configured a home media server on a Raspberry Pi 3B+ with the capability to stream media throughout my home. Learned the benefits of containerization, as well as how different hardware acceleration methods can be adapted for low-spec devices.
- **Autonomous Blimp Project** - Designed (using CAD) and 3D printed gondola for an autonomous blimp that was both lightweight and capable of holding sensors and motors. Designed, engineering, and developed software to facilitate autonomous movement of the blimp utilizing a Raspberry Pi computer and motors. Utilized the socket software structure to facilitate wireless communication between the Raspberry Pi Computer and another computer. Developed OpenCV image processing pipelines for locating waypoints to facilitate autonomous movement.
- **Robotic Rover Project** - As part of a team, designed and built a robotic rover capable of traversing a variable terrain on a simulated exoplanet, and collecting and analyzing data about the environment to detect dunes on the planet surface. As Lead Programmer, developed code to facilitate navigation, movement of a scooper to collect samples, and a camera. Applied engineering principles from multiple disciplines, creative problem-solving, iterative design, prototyping, and various fabrication methods and tools (e.g., CAD, 3D printing).
- **Software Development for a Staff Member** - Solicited and documented requirements, designed, programmed, tested, and delivered a room reservation application for a school administrator. As Lead Programmer, developed backend and frontend, and utilized HTML, CSS, Tailwind, and a MongoDB remote database. Applied object-oriented and iterative software development processes and methodology (e.g., scrum-type meetings, Software Project Management Plan) to develop and deliver the product on schedule per specified timelines.
- **Mock Networks** - To prepare for upcoming Computer Networking class, conducted many network and vulnerability scanning experiments in the controlled environment of a mock network. Gained proficiency in adapting Nmap for use on different subnets and understanding Wireshark capture files to extract data.

**SKILLS:**

- **Proficient in**: Python, Java, React, Native, Linux File Systems, Presentation development and delivery
- **Learning:** Docker Containers, Network Scanning, LLM Fine-Tuning